late summer
Long time no see!
Haha, what wind blew you away?
Meow, you are Fang Chuan's best designer.
Do me a favor
We went to high school together
It's my duty to help you
Tell me what's the matter?
Do you know the brand of National Games?
national luck
Most people don't know this brand
But among us designers, ah?
But a little famous
National clothing
It's more popular with larger, upper-dwelling families.
The founder is a mystery.
No one knows who
Can you help me buy clothes of this brand?
You're going to a state dinner at the end of summer
Do you need such expensive clothes?
It's not that Pangu Group is holding a banquet for 4 tonight
This party is very important to me
I want to participate in the national transportation clothes
But this brand new one can only be bought in Shangjing.
I definitely didn't believe it before tonight.
Second-hand, maybe 70,000?
But those who can afford this brand are the rich
People may not be willing to sell
I 5 million
Late summer you are crazy
Who is the big shot at the party tonight?
Received, you are so ready.
This big man is enough to change my orders